Job seeking skills draft

1. MemberPress is apparently a membership plugin for WordPress. WordPress is apparently a website builder for people who don't know how to code and don't want to learn. MemberPress gives the WordPress user fine-tuned control over what content their users can access and at what membership level, allowing them to more simply monetize their website. Why WordPress itself doesn't allow this is natively is unknown to me. They like to advertise their proficiency at implementing "paywalls" and I have a particular disdain for that word and concept in general, so on a personal level I did not enjoy researching this company. I found their LinkedIn page and many of their posts sound like something ChatGPT spits out when it gets tired of me, plenty of typical corporate advertisement with (at least) one guaranteed cutesy emoji per post for good measure. On their "careers" page, they spout the usual "we're not just co-workers, we're family!" as well as using the terms "original meme madness", "peeps" and "meanies" in 2025 which is honestly a bold move and almost even respectable. It seems they're looking for people who are creative, quick-thinking and extravagantly curious, which is not something that I would define myself as. At all, actually. On the other hand, they're based in the US and support small business owners, which is cool. But then they hit you with the "we’re inspired by their creativity, courage, intelligence, and grit. We labor to empower them" which sounds like a college student trying to butter up his professor for a better grade. Which it actually literally is, except instead of a college student it's a company and instead of a professor it's their clients and instead of a better grade its more money. Personally, I despise when companies attempt to sound like cool friendly hangouts where everyone plays Magic the Gathering and skateboards and sometimes you go to a meeting but for the most part everyone just LOVES each other and has a great time. You're hiring me so you can buy a hot tub and I'm applying so I can pay my mortgage. And there's nothing wrong with that. You don't have to cover the cogs and gears with unicorns and rainbows, it feels slimy and dishonest. However, I'm also an extremely pessimistic person, and while the hardest part about being a pessimist is that I'm always right, maybe one day I'll be wrong, and maybe this is the time. So the two questions I'd ask (more laid back and humorously than presented here in text) are:
      1. You claim on your website that you, "always strive to do the right thing." This is a motto I commonly use, and I mean it. I will not break the law, lie, cheat, steal or do anything immoral. Not for my family, not for my friends, not for you, not for anyone. Do you mean it when you say this, and is there an example you can give where you went against the grain of typical corporate bending of the rules to instead choose to do good and avoid evil?
      2. Is the company always so "butterflies and rainbows?" Is this just basic marketing to get people to apply? I don't mind everyone being happy and optimistic, but I also don't like pretending reality doesn't exist. The idea that work isn't actually work exhausts me, and while I'm happy to treat everyone with love and kindness, I don't like disingenuousness. I understand that there's a job to do and a bottom line to meet and it's okay that I'm a gear that needs to spin to make that happen. I would get very tired of being called a member of the family and then used like a worker drone. I always, under any and every circumstance, prefer open, realistic honesty. I've worked as a worker drone my whole life and I was perfectly satisfied with being called and treated as such, because I was, and we were all happy with what we were gaining from each other in our mutual and realistic relationships.

2. The second company is Arka Infotech Inc. I open their website and the first thing I see is a painfully obviously AI generated image of a spaceship. Not... a great start but being completely bankrupt in artistic talent and not nearly as anti-AI as many others, I understand and am willing to laugh and only slightly cringe. Their very first statement, however, does get on my nerves. "Empowering Innovation Through Design, Development & Growth." The only word that doesn't make my fist ball up in rage in that whole sentence is the word "Through." Their buttons seem like generic built-in UI options and immediately below it is "Suggested for You" ads. Except they aren't actually ads, they're links to other articles on the site, but I genuinely couldn't tell until I analyzed them more and finally clicked on one. Honestly? I'm not a professional, I'm sure I make plenty of the same mistakes. So it would be fine if immediately below it didn't talk about their expert-driven development solutions including UI/UX design. Scrolling down a bit more and it doesn't take them too long to start bragging about how they specialize in SEO and have "cutting-edge AI-driven solutions" which are major red flags to me. Bored of roasting their site and deciding to move on to the actual assignment, I see an "About Arka Infotech" page. Or I would've had I not clicked it and gotten a blank white page that says, "Unexpected Application Error! 404 Not Found (CD emoji) Hey developer (Hand wave emoji) You can provide a better UX than this when your app throws errors by providing your own ErrorBoundary or errorElement prop on your route." I cannot make this stuff up. I audibly laughed in the classroom when this happened. Absolutely incredible. Truly avant-garde. The good news is they at least have another link, accurately titled "Our Story," as it opens to the same exact error page. This is truly the company of all time. Probably for the best as next to those links I see links for "Corporate Social Responsibility" and "Diversity & Inclusion" proudly displayed, supposedly about how their brilliant web design company is, "shaping the future with ethical, sustainable, and inclusive technology solutions." I say supposedly because these links, unsurprisingly, also lead to the error page. I get a horrible feeling. I check. Indeed. The vast majority of the links on their page link to the error page. Fortunately some of them don't, they just don't link to anything, nothing happens when you click on them. At least their "schedule a time to meet with us" calendar works. Though the button just says "Meet Tomorrow Today" which fills me with anxiety as I, like most humans, like to know if we're meeting tomorrow or today, not both. Or neither! I'm not really sure. If I had to ask questions other than "what catastrophic event happened here" or "is this a money laundering scheme" they would be:
